Arrest this human trafficker for me
What are you doing?
Don't be afraid Doudou
Mommy protects you
The south is so high, the south is so high
The trafficker hands over the child
You in broad daylight
Bring so many people to rob the child
Are you the human trafficker?
The thief called out Gu Doudou
Come over soon
Doudou, he's your Daddy
What do you think?
I thought it was some kind of human trafficker
The two of us, are you more like a human trafficker?
Luxury car arrives
Bodyguard guard
A famous brand
My brain actually thinks he's a human trafficker
Little Mengbao, your father is so rich
I still need you to come out to make money to support my family.
If my mommy knew my daddy was a CEO
He stopped hiring me.
No, Dad, he's just a brick mover
He is working hard
Tired hands cramp every day
That's counting money and counting cramps
But this luxury car
Dumb brother, he has serious fantasies
He often rides in luxury cars crying bodyguards
he
Imagine yourself as a big president with a lot of money
Is that so?
Dumb brother, don't get too involved in the play
What are you doing?
I have a strong intuition
That's my real mommy.
So I'm going home with him. No way